# $id$

=head1 NAME

getcrl.sh - CRL downloader and installer

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<getcrl.sh> [B<-s>] URL

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<getcrl.sh> downloads a CRL from the I<URL>, verifies it against root
certificates directory and installs it into a CRL directory for use of
B<OpenSSL>-based applications. Both direcotries use the B<OpenSSL> directory
structure (see L<x509(1)>, L<crl(1)>).

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-s>
  
Log output messages to standard error, as well as the system log. unless
this option is set no output is generated which is suitable for L<cron(8)>
jobs.

=back

=head1 RETURN VALUE

B<getcrl.sh> returns one of the following exit values:

=over

=item B<0> Success.

=item B<1> Error in options and/or arguments

=item B<2> Error creating temporary working directory

=item B<3> Error downloading the CRL

=item B<4> Error parsing the CRL

=item B<5> The CRL could not be verified

=item B<6> The CRL could not be installed

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Milan Sova

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2005 by Milan Sova, I<E<lt>sova@cesnet.czE<gt>>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

=head1 HISTORY

$Revision$
